### Other sectors and services
This above model is very basic without considering scarcity and quality. 

   - Quality offset can also be added to base cost of a product or service. Quality standards may differ from region to region. Note that quality does not mean foreign fruits, foreign stuffs; a kind of craze that is seen in people of every country - "OMG! Look, I bought imported stuff"; export-import scenarios will be dealt within scarcity index framework only. In order to maintain fair payment system considering quality as a measure, standard set of rules and parameters to be defined for every product, material and service. Then quality offset can be added in both +ve and -ve values, +ve for above standard and -ve for below standard according to how many points above or below standard respectively. A service quality is defined in terms of an activity completed within a given time frame with a predefined standard result.

   - International Quality index :  This can be formulated based on international exchange parameters of goods and services. 

   - Side Note : For areas with high quality yields, eg. region in which everyone eats same quality organic fruits and vegetables grown locally, local-quality-offset might not be required because basic assumption is that a quality product  will be consumed first instead of importing below standard products but for sending them to outer regions that offset can be included. But some regions, out of the need, greed or ignorance, export all the above standard quality things and consume poor things. For eg. people eating momos & pizzas, wearing plastics in India but exporting their sharbati wheat and fine cotton to international market. Many poor and developing countries have similar situation.

   - Incase, international and local quality offsets or indexes are formulated then make sure that they dont charge double or more by overlapping.

   - Introduction of common quality portal in which tested results will be shared by labs, be it private or government. This portal will present all producers along with their catalogue and test reports. For services, average of quality of a service provided to consumers should be updated on the portal. Service quality parameter may include <task, end result achieved, timeframe, promised result, pending result or service steps>; here quality can be measured by (number of pending steps)รท(total steps) ; total steps must be carefully formulated by the survey teams and quality inspection teams.
   - For each and every work, a minimal education and training requirement is to be set. For people who, under existing financial systems, are uneducated but are still getting a particular task done, gather all of their experience into knowledge points and use that as a standard test set for educated ones doing same task, and do similar requirement or quality standard in vice versa manner i.e. apply the minimal education for that task to be completed by the uneducated one. There can be relaxation criteria made according to ages during initial implementation phase of v-currency. Eg. completing education & training is not mandatory for age above 50 unless its a large scale management kind of job, like that of politicians..

   - Scarcity is another factor that is to be considered. 
