
### Stock market disclaimers and  handling: 
   - The stocks discussed in chat with blacky are for analysis purpose only and are not being promoted or recommended in any form. 

   - Under the existing financial system, stock market is based solely on demand-sale exploitive, cunning and falsehoodness for general public. v-currency doesnot support this style because when demand increases then v-currency may increase the prices but then it may also reallocate that duty to the effected producers & suppliers incase it was due to non-essential trend-shift. And when there is an increase in supply scenario, v-currency aims to prevent this scenario completely using monitoring-institutions separately but even if such a case appears then selling prices won't go down rather the defaulters will take a hit that would be reflected in their profits sheet.
   - In the existing systems, stock markets are manipulated by either increasing buying quantity or selling quantity. Gambling is done by using futures and options that may compell big companies to increase or decrease supply in actual market accordingly.
   - Instead v-currency preaches that stock market investement is just like any other offline investement in a business or firm. Stock price movements must not be there due to options, futures, delivery and intraday. Take an example to understand, a firm "X" wants to extend its services or wants to pay loans or for whatever reasons it decides to welcome investement by presenting a good opportunity & profits ahead for itself. Say, it's net value as per HL framework is 1 million HL. It wants 1 million HL more to complete the stated operation as per it's presentation then simply it wants to increase more members in it's 50% of the business. Then just like other members, depending upon the share %, everyone will receive annual profit percentage after deducting taxes, insurance, development fund, disaster fund.. means just like "X" was distributing profits to its owner on the basis of p%, the same way it will redistribute its profits to its new members as well.
   - It will prevent "X" to grab and run away investors money like we hear thw case of bankruptcy.
   - Separate monitoring institutions of current financial exchange systems will still be there to prevent fraud cases, eg. "X" may welcome inveatments but after taking up investments, it may recirculate money to other contracted places and show loss in upcoming days untill new investors start to pull out. Once they do, it will get rid of them by giving back their percentage as per the decreased net value of "X" and then it will start pulling in those recirculated money back with 0 additional share distribution.


### Maintainence of stock market untill v-currency implementation:
   - In any case, all stock price movements must be banned apart from delivery, be it futures, options, intraday or anything else. 
   - Make sure that before stock market is operated as per v-currency framework, all stock prices must go at least 1% higher than the historically highest price. This will prevent losses of stocks bought in delivery. This extra 1% can be adjusted from 100% or more profit makers or extra printed HL credits can be allocated to citizens wallet to reset their market loss and start a fresh. There could be other ways possible too that market moderators and monitors can best guide, that will prevent losses to delivery buyers and will also restart entire earth's economy... which can be figured out during experimentation phase as mentioned in implementation-strategy.
